So here you can see this is my cluster.
And let me click on my cluster.
And running task count.
So here you can see to see 2 EC2 task are running on my this cluster and click on the task and here you
can see one task it is showing and the task definition name you can see it is showing nginx-,
web server demo and which is in running state.
So how would you know that this task or this container is running on my this EC2 instances for that
just click on the ECS instances and scroll down.
It will show both of the instances.
So this is my first instance and it is in active state and here you can see running task.
So one task is running on my one instance and another task is running on my another instance.
So let me go to the EC2 instance service and here you can see this is my first instance and what's
the IP?
So this is the IP.
So let me log into my this instance.
SSH -i.
And EC2-user.
And this is the IP.
So here you can see I have logged in to my this instance, which is running in the private subnet.
Now the command is Docker image ls.
So here you can see this.
nginx image has been downloaded to the system.
And this is your ECS agent and docker container.
ls.
So here you can see my container is running on this instance.
So coming back here what's the IP of my another instance.
This is the IP.
Let me copy.
Come back here.
ssh.
And here I have to give this IP.
And I'm able to access my another instance and Docker container ls.
So here you can see this container is running on my another instance.
So 2 containers are running and both are running on different instances.
So that's all we'll see you in the next lecture.